this dust Nilsson we're out here at last
bought cross in 2008 I get the honor of
debut and the new yit for good we are
here at the last place
I'm really excited with a lot of work
into it and come out here with a good
result
upfront got the roll design AR and
steering stem we're still testing
skaters right now everything's raw but
et egg shocks that be available to the
public
and foot
for a couple years and network
you are
racing-style when the tabs already in it
for the summer flakes and picked up
we got the DPR stabilizers posted onto
the ball science against em pop you run
I run stock levers and purchase but run
the tag Dagmar's win the tag grips and
of course some website we've got gotta
go with the quest column for the new
YMCA Ark and new to me 409 I'll be
running on two lights er nerf bars
although runners in the air keep hiding
five millimeter last race with the Vig
pipe on my bike next year I'll be
running the gyt r5t air pipes tires
mills run wide in pro90 quad cross out
here the run for quad cross pretty much
every race we do out here they seem to
work pretty awesome in there we got the
whole atmosphere shock also a TTX tucked
up in there running stock white kids
right now running stock axle actually
stock YFC 450 our axle of stock hubs
gives us that fit inch width the tires
and wheels